# YARN-SRC-LEAK
Hello guys! You may wonder why we would leak the wonderful knitting bot we worked so hard on. Well the reason is actually very simple, so lets just make it a little shorter that it already is so i dont see people saying "I aint reading allat"! After a very someone joined the team he kinda just worked on the bot himself without giving other devs the chance to work on (Other then his minion that had server access). So then just no one cared about it/no one did something about it until he left. And that because a pretty funny reason, he left because he did everything himself! Well now that definitely makes sense, right? Obviously not. Anyways, he left, and gave us the current code he had worked on so hard. After that, we tried to put the version online, but because no one knew shit about MySQL, we basically never had the chance to use it after he left. After that we just decided to make a version using MongoDB/JSON for our database, when we did that and even kinda announced it. His little minion came to us for attention and started harassing us for no literal reason, very funny. After that we continued working on the V2 as normal, but as time went on the minion stalked the server pretty much 24/7 and even made an alt do annoy us again (Probably he because he loved us so much and was obsessed with our lovely community)! After we kindly banned him again for pretty obvious reasons, he leaked the source of yarn, very cool! Now thats fucked up, the source was leaked and we cant do anything about it... Well! Brosmagic gave a pretty good idea to just leak the code, what a beautiful idea! Uh, so we did. Have fun with it and please follow the license to it!

# SETUP AND UPDATES
We will give no instruction on how to set YARN up, it will require a MySQL database with all the required tables created manually.
There will also be no updates on this since we dont even know how to set it up ourselves. but we may but an public version online. (Not guaranteed)

# OTHER
PLEASE DAILYTINKER STOP HARASSING ME IN MY DMS I DONT CARE ABOUT YOU AND "we gonna bypass FAIRPLAY AND YARN ALL TOGETHER" IM NOT YOUR FUCKING HUSBAND, SO FUCK OFF AND STOP ASKING FOR MY ATTENTION. Thank you, and have a good day!
